feat: risk assessment score utilities (#4)
gravitee-io/gravitee-risk-assessment-api: CONTRIBUTING.adoc

* **Browsers and Operating System** : Linux/Windows/Docker? Browser version for the UI, etc ...
* **You have stack trace, screenshots, logs?** add these to the issue's description.

== Submitting changes

You've submitted an issue to the project and know how to fix it? You can contribute to the project by https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/[forking the repository] and https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/#making-a-pull-request[submitting your pull requests].

Before you submit your pull request consider the following guidelines:

* Make your changes in a new git branch:

```shell
git checkout -b issue/#<issue-id>-my-fix-branch master
```
	Note : issue-id reference the id generated by GitHub (#issue-id).

* Create your patch, **including appropriate test cases**.
* Update the documentation if you create new features or think the documentation needs to be updated/completed.
* Commit your changes using a descriptive commit message.

```shell
 git commit -a
```

* Build your changes locally to **ensure all the tests pass**:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

* Push your branch to GitHub:

```shell
git push origin issue/#<issue-id>-my-fix-branch
```

> * In GitHub, send a pull request to `<gravitee-io/gravitee-policy-groovy>:master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In GitHub, send a pull request to `<gravitee-io/gravitee-risk-assessment-api>:master`.
```
